morning morning we are having some olive
oil not wine um on toast with avocado I
don't like an egg
because my hair is disgusting 72-hole in
the morning
really yes it was what I thought I
thought we've got back at number 12 we
watch like this two-bit in there then
we've done know off yes but she kind of
seats yeah I know I remembered iron but
I fancy for then I remember you putting
the laptop like on the table
[Music]
welcome to vlogmas day two I'm sorry
that I haven't properly introduced
it's actually not even the morning
anymore it's currently Cluj past 12 but
because I've been on the train there's
to properly introduce that I'm just
heading over
welcome in a very exciting project my
gosh me
to you about yes but which will come out
sometime excited
[Music]
I realized that this is gonna sound odd
but now it is eight hours later and I've
just finished up with something very
very exciting which I'm so excited to
share with you but I can't tell you just
yet
I'm currently here at Paddington and I'm
getting a train back out to Exeter
however I've just got in and literally
the last train so it's 2003 now the last
train left in 1957 so I arrived and it
is left by three minutes so now I've got
to wait an hour so I'm gonna get some
dinner and I'm going to get something
from
[Music]
I haven't had a burrito in so long and
this is
it's more than that
[Music]
and I've somehow managed to get a cold
in one day I'm sorry because even though
I was off another one today
today's look was very idle not very
exciting because I didn't film for eight
hours of it but nonetheless I hope that
you did enjoy today's Kiley 1153 and I
am just coming back left at 9 back at 11
so it's not too bad my rooms of state
because this is Heidi up before he left
and usually I try to you it's not the
nicest thing to come back to you yeah
I'll clean up tomorrow morning even
though it's midnight so I should put my
alarm on for 8:00 I think I'm gonna put
it on for 7 um got 7 hours because I've
got a test from 9:30 till 10:00 and I
meant to go through all of my quizzes
that's once more on the train but I only
got to go through half of them because I
was just too tired I couldn't
concentrate and it just wasn't effective
so I tried to rest on the train instead
so that I could wake up earlier tomorrow
and not and not kind of suffer for it
and then you'll see you tomorrow I will
be so tired and I'll end up having a nap
I promise you I will I didn't want to
get ill in December December's just
started it's December 2nd it's the
second day of vlogmas and I'm already
ill that's great oh and I never for my
advent calendar and I need to do it
before it turns midnight because
otherwise I've broken the tradition and
there's a nice little Christmas tree but
it's so pretty I really like this
you